fruit isn't that healthy it's roughly
vegetables and beans we're talking about
here is the healthiest parts of ignite I
had criticized isael for criticizing mo
candy for eating 11 mangos in a day
about a year and a half ago
why the hell would anyone wake up and
eat 5 mangoes for breakfast you started
thinking what what's this guy getting
Hey
he is scoffing at someone eating 5
mangoes for breakfast come on man
where's this coming from
last week I had 25 mangoes for breakfast
they ever the small all top Oh mangoes
but I had 25 I had about 20 this morning
but I criticize the isael for his
fitness like that can you even run
around the block eyes L can you run
around the block I'm almost 20 years
older than you if we both got on bikes I
would absolutely slaughter you on my
fruit diet I don't know what diet you're
eating I don't even know if you're vegan
who's paying you to say these things
that's what I wanted who's paying this
guy is an imbecile
he's gotta be a shoe nobody could be
that stupid somebody's paying him where
do
the vegans get off in their criticism of
fruit by what criteria does eyes l make
the statement of that fruit is not very
nutritious anyway yet he bases his diet
on beans a completely inedible product
you have to cook it at high temperatures
I suppose you can ground it but if you
were to eat any of it raw you get very
sick because of the electing content
which is an anti nutrient by what
criteria does someone like eyes'll make
these statements is it because of
protein the fact that fruit is low in
protein fruit isn't low in protein fruit
has adequate proteins for a human
I don't know what diet you're eating I
don't even know if you're vegan who's
paying you to say these things that's
what I want to know who's paying he's
got to be a shoe and nobody could be
that stupid somebody's paying him to
spread this dark negativity like foul
tentacles through the vegan YouTube
movement